# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
In the console.rb.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
In the save method in property.rb.

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
property1.update, property1.save, property1.delete.

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY does this in property.sql.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
@id = options['id'].to_i if options['id'] in the initialize method of property.rb.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?


Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
Some do not require an instance to be present to create a new instance.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
An array of hashes.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
To protect our code against sql injection attacks.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

Q11. What are their return values?
